Triangle Challenge
I decided to create a very basic triangle class and let a service class handle deciding the type of the triangle as i wasn’t if the triangle should be allowed to be changed later which might cause the triangle to change in type. If the triangle is not allowed to be changed later I would maybe have moved the logic that checks the type of the triangle to the triangle class and check the type when a triangle object is constructed and save it as an attribute of the triangle. That way the method that checks the functions only has to run once instead of each time someone wants to get the type of the triangle.
Right now the sides of the triangle are of type int which makes it easy to compare for the validation checks. If the type was changed to double to allow for decimal numbers the validation would have to allow for a margin of error when comparing, as two numbers you might expect to be equal could have a very small difference due to doubles being approximations. This could be done by negating one side with another and checking that the result is lower than the set margin of error.
The type checker only checks for equilateral and isosceles as I know if it’s not one of those two types it has to be scalene and I can just return that if the other two cases are false saving me a check.

For the triangle service and validator I made interfaces called ShapeService and Validator which can be used if you wanted to make a similar service for another shape like a square or pentagon, so all your services for your shapes are similar for the user.

For the tests I have checked that I get an equilateral triangle when all sides are of equal lengths. For isosceles there are 3 possible combinations as sides A+B, A+C or B+C can be equal with the last side being different which requires 3 tests to ensure all 3 combinations return the correct type. Similar to equilateral, scalene only requires one test as all sides have to be different in length.
Finally I test the validator when triangles are created through the TriangleService making sure no side is a nonpositive number or that no side is longer than the combined length of the two other sides.
